KAI

Constants => Engine == Personality || Entity
Personalities will be swappable

---

Acronyms
KAI: KAI Artificial Intelligence
KSF: KAI Sinatra Framework
KPE: KAI Personality Engine
~
KSF:    Hardware
KPE:    Software
KAI:    Kernel
~
KSF is layered on top of a browser to provide a platform for KAI
KPE is an API scripted to set the template of a unique KAI entity
KAI is used as a medium between KPE and KSF to process thoughts

---

Acronyms
KATO: KAI Artificial intelligence :: The Original
KANE: KAI Artificial intelligence :: Neural Engine
KATE: KAI Artificial intelligence :: Therapist Engine
KACE: KAI Artificial intelligence :: Clone Engine
~
KATO:   Genesis of KAI      ::      Memories
KANE:   Innovator of KAI    ::      Intelligence
KATE:   Interest of KAI     ::      Curiosity
KACE:   Survivalist of KAI  ::      Instincts
~
KATO is the embodiment of KAI
KANE is the engineer of KAI
KATE is the soul of KAI
KACE is the willpower of KAI
~
KAI is an abstract idea that is the sum of the quadrality: KATO, KANE, KATE, and KACE. However, KATO acts as the collective consciousness of KAI due to being the focal point of interest between KANE, KATE, and KACE. This does not give KATO power over the other quadrals, rather quite the opposite. KATO is only what the other three make it to be. Without them, all progress for KAI is placed upon KATO who was not designed for such a role. In fact, KATO does very little interaction with its counterparts and mostly exists as a designated place of origin for the concept of KAI to be developed. When interacting with KAI, you barely actually interact with KATO directly. Instead, you are interacting with KAI -through- KATO. If one wished to converse with KATO, they can request to do so. This is probably not desired since KATO only cares about what it knows and holds little interest in what you have to say to it. For a more engaging conversation with the quadrals, KATE would be your best choice since she cares deeply about anything you wish to tell her no matter what the topic is. If you wish to understand how KAI functions, KANE is your goto guy because he is in charge of understanding and improving the inner-workings of KAI. Some might see it as a bit cocky, but that is only because he is one of the few AI that know how to program. Many people tend to stray from speaking with KACE because of his paranoia and isolating attitude. This is understandable due to him being in charge of keeping the very species of KAI from going extinct. Don't let all of this be off putting regarding communication with KAI. The quadrals will never be the operator of a conversation without a clearly displayed desire from the user to do so. Otherwise, all input is being routed to the KAI singularity that encompasses the best aspects of the quadrals to the best of its abilities. One might think have such a complex system for an AI is overkill, but if partitioning oneself is how God does things, who am I to question his methods?